Release 2.0.0 - Use Launch Templates instead of Launch Configurations (#10)
silinternational/ecs-ami-deploy: README.md

1. Grab the latest binary for your platform at https://github.com/silinternational/ecs-ami-deploy/releases
2. The CLI makes use of AWS's SDK for Go, which can load authentication credentials from various places similar to the 
   AWS CLI itself
3. Run `ecs-ami-deploy list-clusters` to check if it's working and what clusters you have available.
4. If you have multiple profiles configured in your `~/.aws/credentials` file, you can use the `-p` or `--profile` 
   flags to specify a different profile.

> 5. The CLI defaults to region `us-east-1`, you can use the `-r` or `--region` flags to specify else

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The CLI defaults to region `us-east-1`, you can use the `-r` or `--region` flags to specify a different region
```
